What is Angular?
    Angular is a JavaScript Framework which allows you to create
    reactive Single-Page-Applications (SPAs).

    A single HTML file with different pieces of code that react to the
    user activity.

    The url change, but the page never reloads. We are changing the currently
    loaded page.

Angular Versioning
    AngularJS (Angular 1).
    Angular 2 (Complete re-write).
    Angular 3 (It was skipped).
    Angular 10, 11, 12, etc (New version every 6 months. Small, incremental, backwards-compatible changes)

    The big difference is between AngularJS (Angular 1) and Angular 2.

    We are going to use Angular 2+;

    From Angular 2, all version are named Angular 2.

Project Setup and First App
    It used TypeScript, for that it install more packages.
    ng new my-app --no-strict
    cd my-app

Editing the First App
    Angular allows to write static HTML code with dynamic things.
    app is a component in an Angular project.
    The app-root in the index.html is where the code goes.
    In app.component.ts selector selects that HTML tag.
    In app.module.ts we can import what we need for the project, TypeScript needs to know where the things are.

Course Structure
    Basics about Angular.
    component and Databinding.
    Directives.
    Services and Dependency Injection.
    Routing.
    Observables.
    Forms.
    Pipes.
    HTTP.
    Authentication.
    Optimization and NgModules.
    Deployment
    Animation and Testing.

How to get the most out of the Course.
    Practice, practice and Practice.
    Do the assigments.
    Do the course Project.
    Official Documentation and Google.

What is TypeScript?
    Superset to JavaScript.
    More features than Vanilla JS (Types, classes, interfaces, etc).
    Strong type.
    TypeScript is compiled to JavaScript (CLI is in charge of the compilation).

Basic Project Setup using Bootstrap for Styling
    We will use Bootstrap for the style.
    npm install --save bootstrap@3
    We can modify the angular.json to add bootstrap to our project.
    In the developer tools we can see the css file imported.
    In Sources we can see the styles.css with a reference to bootstrap.
    